Introduction
GomX needs:
Increasing number of nanosatellites launched into space
increases demand for partial/full automation of schedule generation 
Full or partial creation of schedule is done by hand.
Creating optimal/best schedule can be extremely time consuming.
 keeping track of power level with a schedule expands on the complexity.
A good schedule should take these factors into consideration
Profit
Energy
General problems related to schedule
Can be very expensive to explore every path to find best schedule(alternative use heuristics)
Related work
GomX-3 article
Generate schedule
schedule is conjunction of smaller schedules
Verify schedule based on payload and power and profit levels
Using simple battery model and KiBaM(with recharge) for candidate schedules.
Schedules length are between 24 to 72 hours. (72 and longer is not suitable)
Schedules tries to avoid making the satellite going into safe mode

Initial Problem
How can we assist engineers when creating a schedule for nanosatellites, that are able to generate a schedule based on the tasks that the engineers define? It should also be aware of energy level as well as profit value they can expect when using the generated schedule.

How can the problem be solved?
Four component goes into this tool
Easy method of defining task and setting parameters given the specific satellite, this can be done in excel or other formats.
Generate the best schedule.
Validating that the schedule can actually run even if some of the task take a bit longer. If this can't be satisfied, the tool will tweak the parameter given in component one and generate a new best schedule until we can validate within a small margin of error.
Exporting the results to the user in format that is useful to the engineers.

Input model -> Schedule
Schedule validation
if rejected goto step 1.
Generate output model

Validation/Robustness (Uppaal, Simulink and Kronos)
What should we validate?
How can we validate it?
Input Model
How should the input model be defined? (assumptions from gomX experiences with programs)

Schedule
How could we generate a schedule?
What should the schedule prioritize?
Profit
Energy saving 

Battery Model
What battery model to use, when running a schedule?

Output Model
How should the output model be defined? (assumptions from gomX)


	
	

